What about this one?
Do you like the heart of the ocean?
Just barely
Worthy of my identity as the eldest lady of the Su family
This is the founder of Eternal Heart.
Made by hand
This is the only one in the world that is still barely
Didn't you all say
Do I deserve the best in the world?
It's just a necklace, what's so great?
Ok ok ok
big brother
I heard this necklace means a lifetime of love.
It's for the person you like.
It's not suitable for you to give it to me, right?
No, I think it will work.
If you think it is inappropriate
Then I'll take it back.
Since you gave it to me, it's mine.
How can I go back?
The big deal is that you will meet the girl you like in the future
I'll give it back to him.
Listen to the eldest lady
Master Su, let's go home, Miss, please
Get off when you get home. Well, I'll go get the flowers first.
Hey, don't you like it?
Was that a gift from my brother? I can't throw it away, right?
Hello sunan
Let's make a deal tomorrow at 3pm
See you at the coffee shop